Added documentation of the terminology service (#19)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-net-sdk: validation/terminology-service.rst

Represents the ``$validate-code`` operation on the ValueSet resource (https://www.hl7.org/fhir/valueset-operation-validate-code.html) and will validate that a coded value is in the set of codes allowed by a value set. 
The input parameters can be easily created using the ``ValidateCodeParameters`` class.

- ``Task<Parameters> CodeSystemValidateCode(Parameters parameters, string id = null, bool useGet = false)``

Represents the ``$validate-code`` operation on the CodeSystem resource (http://hl7.org/fhir/codesystem-operation-validate-code.html) and will validate that a coded value is in the code system.
The input parameters can be easily created using the ``ValidateCodeParameters`` class.

- ``Task<Resource> Expand(Parameters parameters, string id = null, bool useGet = false)``

Represents the ``$expand`` operation (http://hl7.org/fhir/valueset-operation-expand.html), which uses the definition of a value set to create a simple collection of codes suitable for use for data entry or validation.
The input parameters can be easily created using the ``ExpandParameters`` class.

- ``Task<Parameters> Lookup(Parameters parameters, bool useGet = false)``

> Represents the ``$lookup`` operation (http://hl7.org/fhir/codesystem-operation-lookup.html), which given a given a code/system, or a Coding, get additional details about the concept, including definition, status, designations, and properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the ``$lookup`` operation (http://hl7.org/fhir/codesystem-operation-lookup.html), which given a given a code, system, or a Coding, get additional details about the concept, including definition, status, designations, and properties.
```

The input parameters can be easily created using the ``SubsumesParameters`` class.

- ``Task<Resource> Closure(Parameters parameters, bool useGet = false)``

Represents the ``closure`` operation ("http://hl7.org/fhir/conceptmap-operation-closure.html") and provides support for ongoing maintenance of a client-side transitive closure table based on server-side terminological logic. 
The input parameters can be easily created using the ``ClosureParameters`` class.

LocalTerminologyService
--------------------------

The Firely SDK support some terminology logic itself using the ``LocalTerminologyService`` meaning it doesn't call a third party to handle it, 
but does as much as it can internally.

.. note:: The ``LocalTerminologyService`` doesn't support all terminology features. To fully support all features a lot of terminology expertise is needed. So to make use of all advanced terminology features, use the ``ExternalTerminologyServer`` 
    to let a dedicated terminology server handle your requests``.

The ``LocalTerminologyService`` requires an ``IResourceResolver`` to resolve all the FHIR resources needed to perform it's terminology logic. 

> The following functions are currently supported by the ``LocalTerminologyService``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following function is currently supported by the ``LocalTerminologyService``:
```
